README.md, before:

# Getting started with stable diffusion
![img](https://github.com/ayaankhan28/GettingStartedStability/assets/98885614/dc49186d-3e63-42ed-8ef8-0f174cc43473)
![txt2img_2968187657](https://github.com/ayaankhan28/GettingStartedStability/assets/98885614/10fb1eed-ba15-4d04-b4e9-ea8410823fb6)

## Introduction

This repository contains a Text to Image Generation model that utilizes Stable Diffusion, a state-of-the-art generative model for creating high-quality images from textual descriptions.

## Prerequisites

Before using the Text to Image Generation model, ensure you have the following:

1. **Python**: Make sure you have Python installed on your system. You can download Python from the [official Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/). The code is compatible with Python 3.x versions.

2. **API Key**: You'll need an API key for Stable Diffusion to access their services. If you don't have one, you can sign up for an API key on the [Stable Diffusion website](https://stability.ai/).

## Installation

To use the Text to Image Generation model, follow these steps:

1. Clone or download this python file in  your local machine:
2. add your API key in place of `YOUR_API_KEY`.
3. write your prompt in place of `PROMPT`.

## ComfyUI Installation 
https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

   ![image](https://github.com/ayaankhan28/GettingStartedStability/assets/98885614/9eefd732-d285-4763-a097-bffbccdbcb41)

Commit message:

Add numpy and opencv to required packages

README.md, after:

# Getting started with stable diffusion
![img](https://github.com/ayaankhan28/GettingStartedStability/assets/98885614/dc49186d-3e63-42ed-8ef8-0f174cc43473)
![txt2img_2968187657](https://github.com/ayaankhan28/GettingStartedStability/assets/98885614/10fb1eed-ba15-4d04-b4e9-ea84108223fb)

## Introduction

This repository contains a Text to Image Generation model that utilizes Stable Diffusion, a state-of-the-art generative model for creating high-quality images from textual descriptions.

## Prerequisites

Before using the Text to Image Generation model, ensure you have the following:

1. **Python**: Make sure you have Python installed on your system. You can download Python from the [official Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/). The code is compatible with Python 3.x versions.

2. **API Key**: You'll need an API key for Stable Diffusion to access their services. If you don't have one, you can sign up for an API key on the [Stable Diffusion website](https://stability.ai/).

## Installation

To use the Text to Image Generation model, follow these steps:

1. Clone or download this python file in your local machine:
2. Install the required packages:
   ```
   pip install numpy opencv-python
   ```
3. Add your API key in place of `YOUR_API_KEY`.
4. Write your prompt in place of `PROMPT`.

## ComfyUI Installation 
https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

  ![image](https://github.com/ayaankhan28/GettingStartedStability/assets/98885614/9eefd732-d285-4763-a097-bffbccdbcb41)
